Usage: ssh-agent-on-demand [options] [pubkeyfiles]
	An SSH agent proxy which adds public keys to the list of agent keys.
	If a client requests that the agent sign with an added key, the
	corresponding private key (by removing any .pub extension) is added
	on-demand using ssh-add. The path to the listener socket is printed
	to STDOUT, unless -e, --execute is used.

Options:

Options which refer to the previous public key on the command line.
If specified at the beginning, these apply to all keys on the command line:

-c
	Passed verbatim to ssh-add.
	Require confirmation to sign using identities.
-t life
	Passed verbatim to ssh-add.
	Set lifetime (in seconds) when adding identities.

General Options:

-f, --config-file file
	Read public key lists from file.
-d, --daemonise
	Daemonise the process and change directory to /.
	Absolute paths should be used for keys/config files if using this.
-e, --execute command [arg ...]
	Execute command and arguments up to the end of the command line as a
	child process with a modified environment, and exit when it exits.
	Forward any SIGINT, SIGHUP and SIGTERM signals received to the child.
	Suppress printing of agent socket details on STDOUT.
	If -1, --single-instance or -n, --no-recurse is used and another
	instance exists, it is executed directly without forking.
	If -d, --daemonise is used, the command is instead executed as the
	parent, and ssh-agent-on-demand is daemonised as normal.
	The daemon is not terminated when the command exits. Using with -d,
	--daemonise is mainly useful if -1, --single-instance is also used.
-s, --bourne-shell
	Print agent socket path and pid as Bourne shell environment commands,
	like ssh-agent does. Defaults to printing only the agent socket path.
-F, --comment-fixup
	Adds the comment string from the public key file to the comment string
	for keys that the agent already has, if that comment is the file name
	of the private key. This adds '.pub' to the comment and tries to load
	the public key if it is within $HOME/.ssh/.
-1, --single-instance
	If another instance which also used this switch is proxying the same
	agent socket *and* uses the same key file and config file arguments,
	print/use the path to its socket and exit.
-n, --no-recurse
	If the agent socket looks like another instance of ssh-agent-on-demand
	(starts with /tmp/sshod-) print/use the path to its socket and exit.
--socket-path sock_path
	Create the agent socket at sock_path.
	Defaults to a path of the form /tmp/sshod-XXXXXX/agentod.pid.
-h, --help
	Show this help.
-V, --version
	Show version information.

Files:
Config file format: Confirm and lifetime apply to the previous keyfile
or if at the beginning, all keyfiles in the config file.

keyfile file
	Use this key file. ~/ is expanded to $HOME/, no other expansions are
	performed.
confirm
	Equivalent to -c. Require confirmation to sign using identities.
lifetime life
	Equivalent to -t. Set lifetime (in seconds) when adding identities.

Note:
	If multiple copies of the same public key are given, with different
	confirm and lifetime options it is undefined which is used.
	Config files and public key files are reloaded when their
	modifcation date changes.
